Stupid Dialogue

TCube

Q : One tungsten cube coming right up, sir.
Q : Yeah its a goddam cube, what do you expect.

Q : Well, cant tell you too much but lets just say I'm spending the money on "refereshments".
Q : I aint got no idea what imma spend this money on but I sure will be rich.
Q : Oh Mr. Questionface just relax, i aint no crook.

Q : Just here to sell my cube mister.
Q : You think I'm a spy, hell no. I eat russians for breakfeast.

Q : This is stupid, just let me through.

I : My my, clunky threats buddy, I aint got a wife.
I : Take it chill Bad Cop, im a good guy.
I : Why's this gotta be so serious. Im no spy goddamit, just let me sell my goddam cube.

Statue

Q : I found this thingy at my grandma's and thought it counted as Tungsten.
Q : Well its tungsten, cant really call it a cube but its not that precise anyway right?
Q : Found it on the street, right ugly, but probably worth a buck.

I : Oh whats the big fuss bossman, it's tungsten, just let me through and we can all go home.
I : Come up with some better threats next time. This a democrazy, you cant do things like that.
I : Oh, shut up.

Q : Well, cant tell you too much but lets just say I'm spending the money on "refereshments".
Q : I aint got no idea what imma spend this money on but I sure will be rich.
Q : Just wann get rid of this thingy and thought i could earn a buck.
Q : Oh Mr. Questionface just relax, i aint no crook.

Gold/Cheese

Q : I heard on the news you want metals and such. Found this gold, at ... AN UNDISCLOSED LOCATION, how much you think i can get for this?
Q : Was supposed to give you some "tungsten" but golds basically the same right? Cant be that different, one rare meral or another.
Q : Just let me through, Im sure the guys in there will understand, what does it matter to you anyway?

Q : Well, cant tell you too much but lets just say I'm spending the money on "refereshments".
Q : I aint got no idea what imma spend this money on but I sure will be rich.
Q : Oh Mr. Questionface just relax, i aint no crook.


I : Hey, my badfor bringing the wrong metal, dont make it ok for you to speak like that.
I : You cant do that buddy, this is a democrazy.
I : I've got rights, this America.

Bomb:

Q : Dont really know what this is but i reckon its got some tungsten in it.
Q : Found this on the street, i think this is good enough.

Q : Well, cant tell you too much but lets just say I'm spending the money on "refereshments".
Q : I aint got no idea what imma spend this money on but I sure will be rich.
Q : Just wann get rid of this thingy and thought i could earn a buck.
Q : Oh Mr. Questionface just relax, i aint no crook.

I : I dont really know what this is, confiscate it if you want but I aint at fault here.
I : This seems unnecesary to argue about, i already told you Im no crook.

Chat - Normal

C : You know all these people here seem so tense, whats everyone worried about.
C : Outside too, everyone is scared half to death of these russians, they aint even met a real russian.
C : Im a firm believer that untill something is proven to be a big deal, you shouldnt care about it.
C : Well, thats just what I think, now let me go get my money.

Chat - Normal

C : This place is creepy man.
C : It's like the walls surrond you on all sides.
C : And they watch you, like theres men sitting on the other side waiting to take you.
C : Almost like the russians have it.
C : ...

Chat - Interrogator

C : I aint making smalltalk with you you maniac.
